---
layout: post
title: "rtorrent使用方法"
categories: 技术文章
tags: []
date: 2014-10-26 22:39:24
---

<DIV>1.新建一个.rtorrent.rc的隐藏文件，复制到$HOME下,内容为:<BR># This is an example resource file for rTorrent. Copy to<BR># ~/.rtorrent.rc and enable/modify the options as needed. Remember to<BR># uncomment the options you wish to enable.<BR><BR># Maximum and minimum number of peers to connect to per torrent.<BR>#min_peers = 40<BR>#max_peers = 100<BR><BR># Same as above but for seeding completed torrents (-1 = same as downloading)<BR>#min_peers_seed = 10<BR>#max_peers_seed = 50<BR><BR># Maximum number of simultanious uploads per torrent.<BR>#max_uploads = 15<BR><BR># Global upload and download rate in KiB. "0" for unlimited.<BR>download_rate = 300 //max download speed<BR>upload_rate = 60&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ////max upload speed<BR><BR># Default directory to save the downloaded torrents.<BR>directory = /ent&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; //下载的文件存放目录<BR><BR># Default session directory. Make sure you don't run multiple instance<BR># of rtorrent using the same session directory. Perhaps using a<BR># relative path?<BR>session = /home/kenby/bt/session&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; //session存放目录<BR><BR># Watch a directory for new torrents, and stop those that have been<BR># deleted.<BR>#schedule = watch_directory,5,5,load_start=./watch/*.torrent<BR>#schedule = untied_directory,5,5,stop_untied=<BR><BR># Close torrents when diskspace is low.<BR>#schedule = low_diskspace,5,60,close_low_diskspace=100M<BR><BR># Stop torrents when reaching upload ratio in percent,<BR># when also reaching total upload in bytes, or when<BR># reaching final upload ratio in percent.<BR># example: stop at ratio 2.0 with at least 200 MB uploaded, or else ratio 20.0<BR>#schedule = ratio,60,60,"stop_on_ratio=200,200M,2000"<BR><BR># The ip address reported to the tracker.<BR>#ip = 127.0.0.1<BR>#ip = rakshasa.no<BR><BR># The ip address the listening socket and outgoing connections is<BR># bound to.<BR>#bind = 127.0.0.1<BR>#bind = rakshasa.no<BR><BR># Port range to use for listening.<BR>port_range = 6895-6895//固定端口为6895，方便做端口映射<BR><BR># Start opening ports at a random position within the port range.<BR>#port_random = no<BR><BR># Check hash for finished torrents. Might be usefull until the bug is<BR># fixed that causes lack of diskspace not to be properly reported.<BR>#check_hash = no<BR><BR># Set whetever the client should try to connect to UDP trackers.<BR>#use_udp_trackers = yes<BR><BR># Alternative calls to bind and ip that should handle dynamic ip's.<BR>#schedule = ip_tick,0,1800,ip=rakshasa<BR>#schedule = bind_tick,0,1800,bind=rakshasa<BR><BR># Encryption options, set to none (default) or any combination of the following:<BR># allow_incoming, try_outgoing, require, require_RC4, enable_retry, prefer_plaintext<BR>#<BR># The example value allows incoming encrypted connections, starts unencrypted<BR># outgoing connections but retries with encryption if they fail, preferring<BR># plaintext to RC4 encryption after the encrypted handshake<BR>#<BR># encryption = allow_incoming,enable_retry,prefer_plaintext<BR><BR># Enable DHT support for trackerless torrents or when all trackers are down.<BR># May be set to "disable" (completely disable DHT), "off" (do not start DHT),<BR># "auto" (start and stop DHT as needed), or "on" (start DHT immediately).<BR># The default is "off". For DHT to work, a session directory must be defined.<BR># <BR># dht = auto<BR><BR># UDP port to use for DHT. <BR># <BR>#dht_port = 6881<BR><BR># Enable peer exchange (for torrents not marked private)<BR>#<BR># peer_exchange = yes<BR><BR>#<BR># Do not modify the following parameters unless you know what you're doing.<BR>#<BR><BR># Hash read-ahead controls how many MB to request the kernel to read<BR># ahead. If the value is too low the disk may not be fully utilized,<BR># while if too high the kernel might not be able to keep the read<BR># pages in memory thus end up trashing.<BR>#hash_read_ahead = 10<BR><BR># Interval between attempts to check the hash, in milliseconds.<BR>#hash_interval = 100<BR><BR># Number of attempts to check the hash while using the mincore status,<BR># before forcing. Overworked systems might need lower values to get a<BR># decent hash checking rate.<BR>#hash_max_tries = 10<BR>encoding_list=UTF-8 //使下载的文件不会出现中文乱码<BR>2.用空格键改变文件的优先级<BR>3.右方向键为下级菜单，左方向键为上一级菜单，下方向键是程序为可输入命令模式<BR>4.按下方向键，然后Ctrl+S开始任务,Ctrl+K停止，Ctrl+Q退出程序,Ctrl+D暂停下载获删除下载<BR>5.a | s | d:增加全域最大上传的速度 by 1/5/50 KB. <BR>6.A | S | D:增加全域最大下载的速度 by 1/5/50 KB. <BR>7.z | x | c：减少全域最大上传的速度 by 1/5/50<BR>6.Z | X | C:减少最大下载的速度 by 1/5/50 KB.</DIV> 
            
